Address SecDir comments (#73)
tlswg/rfc8447bis: draft-ietf-tls-rfc8447bis.md

| 0x00,0x2A | TLS_KRB5_EXPORT_WITH_RC2_CBC_40_MD5 | D |
| 0x00,0x2B | TLS_KRB5_EXPORT_WITH_RC4_40_MD5 | D |
| 0x00,0x2C | TLS_PSK_WITH_NULL_SHA | D |
| 0x00,0x8A | TLS_PSK_WITH_RC4_128_SHA | D |
| 0x00,0xB0 | TLS_PSK_WITH_NULL_SHA256 | D |
| 0x00,0xB1 | TLS_PSK_WITH_NULL_SHA384 | D |
| 0xC0,0x06 | TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_NULL_SHA | D |
| 0xC0,0x07 | TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA | D |
| 0xC0,0x10 | TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_NULL_SHA | D |
| 0xC0,0x11 | TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA | D |
| 0xC0,0x33 | TLS_ECDHE_PSK_WITH_RC4_128_SHA | D |
| 0xC0,0x39 | TLS_ECDHE_PSK_WITH_NULL_SHA | D |
| 0xC0,0x3A | TLS_ECDHE_PSK_WITH_NULL_SHA256 | D |
| 0xC0,0x3B | TLS_ECDHE_PSK_WITH_NULL_SHA384 | D |
| 0xC0,0xB4 | TLS_SHA256_SHA256 | D |
| 0xC0,0xB5 | TLS_SHA384_SHA384 | D |

- Update note on the Recommended column with text in {{rec-note}}.

- {{!I-D.ietf-tls-deprecate-obsolete-kex}} sets the Recommended column
  for the following cipher suites to "D". This document adds additional
  references to indicate why the cipher suites are marked as "D".

<aside markdown="block">

>   RFC Editor NOTE: Replace [ThisRFC] in the table that follows with the
>   eventual RFC #.

Author: ```suggestion
  RFC Editor NOTE: Replace [ThisRFC] in the table that follows with the
  RFCs for this document and {{I-D.ietf-tls-deprecate-obsolete-kex}}.
```

</aside>

| Value | Cipher Suite Name                            | Reference |
|:------|:---------------------------------------------|----------:|

> | 0x00,0x01 | TLS_RSA_WITH_NULL_MD5                    | [ThisRFC] |

Reviewer: Should this column reference both obsolete keyex and this doc?  [ThisRFC],[ObsoleteKeyxRFC]

Maybe just change the Replace[ThisRFC] with the RFC numbers for this document and the ietf-tls-deprecate-obsolete-kex document

Author: Sounds good to me.
